Y
the Czech brand of the volkswagen group
presented in the spring of 2013 the
third generation of the octavia a model
that the size was growing to make room for
fast that has a length of 4.48
meters
the octavia is offered in bodyworks
four-door saloon and family or
combi uses the modular platform mgb
of the volkswagen group and enjoy a
the longest wheelbases of
segment with a battle of 268 meters
this allows you to offer a broad
interior in which the space stands out
for the legs in the rear seats
and a huge trunk of 590 liters of
capacity that can be expanded up
2,580 liters folding the seats
under the floor there is a
emergency spare wheel
the car offers a modern design and
robust with a large tailgate that
facilitates loading maneuvers and
download option for 375 euros is
offers the practical system of
electric drive for opening
and closure to facilitate the fastening of
the cargo are offered different items
as networks for which there are
hooks and the practical package simply
claver that includes a carpet
reversible for the boot floor with
an easily washable rubber face
a support on the console for
multimedia or mobile devices and a
trash can at the driver's door
the longitudinal bars of the roof and
the moldings can go for 90 euros-
painted in black
this octavia combi rs has a length
of 4 69 meters
with a width of 181 meters
and a height of 1.45 meters
the rear seats has departures
adjustable air conditioners and
the low back windows of the whole
the central plaza is more uncomfortable than the
exterior
2 octavia rs are offered with a motor
220 horsepower gasoline or diesel
tested that provides 184 horses it
about 2 liter turbodiesel
they use other group models
volkswagen and it provides the power
maximum at a rate of three thousand
five hundred revolutions per minute and the
maintains up to 4,000 revolutions
per minute
Provides a remarkable pair of thrust
which already offers its maximum value to 1750
revolutions per minute and keeps it
until 3000
the available driving force is
moves to the front wheels by
means of an automatic gearshift
double clutch and six relations and it
has the system this to be of
automatic stop and start in
arrests there are also some cams after
the steering wheel to make the changes in
sequential manual mode the changes are
fast and the system works well
although it is a little rough to low
speed especially cold
a control in the center console
called terry semel allows you to choose
between several driving programs
normal sport of sporty eco
economic and individual a program that
allows the driver to combine the
adjustments to your liking
depending on the selected program the
engine management allows some
more or less dynamic accelerations and the
engine noise that reaches the passenger compartment
is more or less intense also vary the
assistance to address the
availability of the stop and function
start and the air conditioning settings
the benefits are good for
treatment of this version with a
Acceleration from 0 to 100 kilometers per
time in 82 seconds and a speed
maximum of 230 kilometers per hour
the average consumption mounted by Skoda is
5 liters per 100 km who our
test conducted with driving
dynamic we have measured 6.8 liters each
100 kilometers the figure in conditions
real is superior to the homologated
correct for a car of this size
power of benefits
the body has been lowered in 13
millimeters with respect to combining badly
and the morons of the suspension are more
hard the rear axle mounts a
suspension of the multi arm type and there
stabilizer bars on both axes
of series is counted on the blockade
electronic differential xds that is
integrated into the electronic program of
Sp stability and improves the capacity of
traction at the exit of the curves at
time that reduces the tendency to
understeer
the address has the assistance
progressive electric and brakes with
large front ventilated discs
they perform well with their function
the car offers a remarkable efficiency
and a very fast cornering step with a
minimum rolling of the body but
maintains a reasonable comfort of the
march and bumps or joints
dilatation do not turn into a dry
shake
materials and adjustments offer a good
appearance with sporty details and the rs
on the knob of the gear lever and on
the headrest
the front seats have a design
sports with fabric and leather upholstery
red stitching and headrest
integrated and with a striking line
Red holds the body very well and counts
with mechanical lumbar adjustment
there is an effective support platform for
the left foot and the pedals in
aluminum and rubber with a specific design
but what we liked the most was
the functionality and the huge volume of
boot and the benefits and the
roadholding
what we liked the least was a
rear center square and abruptness
of the change dsg of the maneuvers to low
speed
yes